MENTALITY & DISCIPLINE — MOTIVATIONAL QUOTES FOR THE GYM

ON DISCIPLINE
"Discipline equals freedom." — Jocko Willink
"Discipline is the gift that keeps on giving." — William Baldwin
"The only way you gain mental toughness is to do things you're not happy doing. If you continue doing things you're satisfied with, you're not getting stronger." — David Goggins
"Discipline means taking the hard road — the uphill road. It means doing what you don't want to do, so you can do what you want to do." — Jocko Willink

ON MENTAL TOUGHNESS
"Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory." — Bill Russell
"Competitive toughness is an acquired skill and not an inherited gift." — Chris Evert
"The most important attribute a player must have is mental toughness." — Mia Hamm
"Mental toughness is a lifestyle. It's something that you live every single day of your life." — David Goggins
"Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength." — Arnold Schwarzenegger

ON NOT QUITTING
"You don't drown by falling in the water. You drown by staying there." — Edwin Cole
"Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever." — Lance Armstrong
"It ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward." — Rocky Balboa
"We may encounter many defeats, but we must never be defeated." — Maya Angelou
"There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either in or you're out." — Pat Riley
"I run to see who has the most guts." — Unknown

ON FAILURE & GROWTH
"I've missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." — Michael Jordan
"If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them. Everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you." — Michael Jordan
"Winners build on mistakes. Losers dwell on them." — Arnold Mori
"It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves." — Edmund Hillary

ON CHAMPIONS
"Champions aren't made in gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them — a desire, a dream, a vision." — Muhammad Ali
"Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." — Muhammad Ali
"There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you." — Derek Jeter
"The principle is competing against yourself. It's about self-improvement, about being better than you were the day before." — Unknown

ON SHOWING UP
"Nothing will work unless you do." — John Wooden
"Greatness isn't born, it's grown." — Malcolm Gladwell
"If you want something in your life you've never had, you'll have to do something you've never done." — JD Houston
"The harder I train, the luckier I get." — Gary Player
"You have to have the mentality of executing your game when you don't feel like there's a lot of hope." — Andre Agassi

ON MINDSET
"What you are thinking, what shape your mind is in, is what makes the biggest difference of all." — Unknown
"Golf is a game played on a five-inch course — the distance between your ears." — Bobby Jones
"Your toughness is made up of equal parts persistence and experience. The toughest opponent of all is the one inside your head." — Joe Henderson
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you will do. Attitude determines how well you do it." — Lou Holtz